Section 1 - General Information

The following is general information for the server.

A.1 - Roles


A.2 - Moderation
If your account is moderated, you are allowed to either appeal the moderation, or challenge the action. 
(See Section 2 - B.1 for information on challenging a moderation action.)

A.3 - Extra
If you have any questions, our staff are always willing to help. 
You can always make a ticket and ask for support if you have more questions.


Section 2 - Moderation

The following is information on account moderation. 
For any questions or concerns, please create a ticket or DM a staff member.

B.1 - Challenging
In the event your account is moderated, you can either appeal or challenge the action. 
If you choose to challenge the action, you will be expected to appear in a voice call on a certain date, 
with sufficient evidence to back up your claim that you should not be punished. 
If the staff team finds your evidence acceptable, the action will be removed. 
If not, no further actions will be
added to the first, and you will either have to wait until your time expires 
(if it is a temporary ban/mute) or appeal the action.

B.2 - Appealing
In the event your account is moderated, you can either appeal or challenge the action. 
If you choose to appeal the action, you will have to fill out a form, and answer questions as to why you 
should be unbanned/unmuted.
If your appeal is accepted, the punishment will be removed, and you will have access to the server again. 
If it is not accepted, you will have to wait to appeal again.

B.3 - Joining The Team
Our staff team is expected to be respectful, and on point with the server rules. 
If you decide to join the team when an application opens, you will be expected to provide good reasoning to why you
want to join and what you would do in certain situations. 
If your application is declined, you will have to wait to apply again.


Section 3 - General Rules

C.1 - No NSFW content - This includes any images, comments, GIFs, etc. (2, 3, 4, 5)

C.2 - No Disrespect - Any type of disrespect will not be tolerated.(1, 2, 3, 4, 5)

C.2.1 - No Racial Slurs - Any Racial Slurs will result in a Permanant Ban instantly. (5)

C.3 - No Self Advertisement - Sending links, invites, or any other way of promoting yourself or your server to gain 
fame, popularity, etc. is strictly prohibited. (2, 3.1, 3.2, 4.2, 4.4, 4.8)

C.4 - No Random Pinging - Randomly pinging staff, members, etc. is 
against the server rules and will result in punishment. (1, 1, 1, 2.1, 2.4, 3, 4.3, 5)

C.5 - No Promoting Illigal Activity - Any reference to any type of illigal activity (Drugs, Gangs, etc.) CAN and WILL
result in an instant ban. (5)


Section 4 - Punishments

1 - Warn (Max 3 until Mute)

2 - Mute (Any Length Of Time)
2.1 - Mute (15 Mins)
2.2 - Mute (30 Mins)
2.3 - Mute (1 Hr)
2.4 - Mute (12 Hr)
2.5 - Mute (1 Day)
2.6 - Mute (Until Appealed)

3 - Kick (Max 3 until TBan)

4 - Tban (Any Length Of Time)
4.1 - TBan (1 Hr)
4.2 - Tban (6 Hr)
4.3 - Tban (12 Hr)
4.4 - Tban (1 Day)
4.5 - Tban (1 Month)
4.6 - Tban (3 Months)
4.7 - Tban (6 Months)
4.8 - Tban (1 Yr)

5 - PBan (Any Length Until Unban)

5.1 - PBan (Can appeal after 1 Day)
5.2 - PBan (Can appeal after 1 Week)
5.3 - PBan (Can appeal after 1 Month)
5.4 - PBan (Can appeal after 3 Months)
5.5 - PBan (Can appeal after 6 Months)
5.6 - PBan (Can appeal after 1 Yr)
5.7 - PBan (Can appeal after 5 Yr)
5.8 - PBan (Can appeal after 10 Yr)
5.9 - PBan (Can Not Appeal)


Section 5 - Roles

-- Membership Roles --
Booster - Only available to members who have boosted the server.
Executive Member - Only available to special members or members of the staff team.
Respected Member - Only available to members who have supported the server, or who personally know any member of the Executive Team.
Special Member - Only available to members who are known for following server rules.
Youtuber - Only available to members who are on youtube. (Requires verification)
Contributor - Only available to members who have supported the server by helping staff in certain situations.

-- Private Roles / Staff Roles--
Private Voice (1-5) - Only available to Executive Staff Members.
Voice Bypass - Only available to Executive Staff Members OR selected members picked by any member on the Corporate Team.
Chat Bypass - Only available to Executive Staff Members OR selected members picked by any member on the Corporate Team.
Moderation - Only available to Executive Staff Members OR selected members picked by any member on the Corporate Team.

-- Potate Roles --
The Head Potate - Only available to the server Owner.
The Second Head Potate - Only available to the server Co-Owner.
The Lead Potate - Only available to the Server Manager.
The Potate General - Only available to members of the Administration Team.
Staff Potate - Only available to selected staff members.
Potate member - Only available to selected server members.

-- Other Roles --
Retired Staff - Only available to staff that have since retired from their position within the server.
Ticket Staff - Only available to staff members that deal with server Tickets

-- Misc --
Suspended - Given to members who are temporarilly being punished.
Count Suspension - Given to members who have intentionally ruined the Count in #Counting. (Seperate from Count Fail)
Moderator Ping - Given to selected staff members who will be pinged in the event of an emergency.
Streamer - Given to members who have streamed within the server.
Count Fail - Given to members who have failed at counting. (Seperate from Count Suspension)